{\rtf1\ansi\uc1\deff13\deflang1024
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Zapf Chancery;}
{\f1\fnil\fcharset204 Zapf Chancery;}
{\f2\fnil\fcharset204 Times;}
{\f3\fnil\fcharset204 Helvetica;}
{\f4\fnil\fcharset204 Helvetica;}
{\f5\fnil\fcharset204 Courier;}
{\f6\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f7\fnil\fcharset0 MT Extra;}
{\f8\fnil\fcharset238 Zapf Chancery;}
{\f9\fnil\fcharset238 Times;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset238 Helvetica;}
{\f11\fnil\fcharset238 Helvetica;}
{\f12\fnil\fcharset238 Courier;}
{\f13\fnil\fcharset0 Times;}
{\f14\fnil\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\f15\fnil\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\f16\fnil\fcharset0 Courier;}
}
{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green128\blue128;
\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;
\red128\green0\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;
}
{\stylesheet
{\s0\fs20\snext0 Normal;}
{\s2\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs40 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 1;}
{\s2\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs40\li0 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 1;}
{\s1\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs40\li0 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 1;}
{\s6\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs24\li2048 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 5;}
{\s3\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs32\li512 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 2;}
{\s7\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs24\li2560 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 6;}
{\s4\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs32\li1024 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 3;}
{\s5\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs24\li1536 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 4;}
{\s6\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 5;}
{\s1\qc\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs40 \sbasedon0\snext0 part;}
{\s3\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs32 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 2;}
{\s7\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 6;}
{\s4\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs32 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 3;}
{\s5\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 4;}
}
{\info
{\title Original file was arrival_0.4.tex}
{\doccomm Created using latex2rtf 1.9.19 (released Nov 20 2007) on Tue Sep  3 21:27:30 2013
}
}
{\footer\pard\plain\f13\fs20\qc\chpgn\par}
\paperw12280\paperh15900\margl2680\margr2700\margt2540\margb1760\pgnstart0\widowctrl\qj\ftnbj\f13\aftnnar
{\fs28 \pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 {{\i Arrival \emdash  Or How I Learned To Stop Loving}} \par
\fs20 {\b \pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 by } \emdash  \chdate \par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb56 \fi0 He tried to remember. As far as he could make out, it had been ten years since he has last seen her. That made him feel old. In all that time, they always kept in touch, as they went through various 20-something phases, and then 30-something phases. Sometime they were closer, sending messages every day, other times long gaps of months would slip by without a peep. It didn\rquote t matter. There was always something there that fell immediately back into place as soon as they picked up the conversation again. And the fact that they had been in touch for so long without seeing each other was precisely the thing that made him feel old.\par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 Admittedly, a big part of what made her so easy to talk to was that they could never get enough of talking about sex to each other. Sex they had had together, sex they had with others, sex they daydreamed about. There was nothing taboo, and it was good, dirty, titillating, and entertaining. Most of their conversations were about sex, but he had a genuine fondness for her that went beyond just a physical attraction. A result of being so unrestrained with her for so long. There was a real trust that came from that, and because of that trust he genuinely loved her. Despite the fact that he suspected that deep down she was totally nuts.\par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 He had finally convinced her to return to the East Coast for a visit. It had taken him securing tickets to a show she couldn\rquote t see out west and that had only happened because he had moved to New York City, and had a little stupid luck with the box office. But she was coming, and he was excited about that. He tried not to have any expectations but it was hard to sweep aside a fog of horny anticipation. At the very least she\rquote d promised him a cute outfit for the show, and he looked forward to ogling her like a teenager.\par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 He told her he would meet her at the airport, so there he was, standing at the tensa-barrier, waiting and watching the various bulks of Americanized humanity walking from the plane to the exit. He had a bad habit of being on time, so he had to wait for nearly 20 minutes, catching far too many eyes for his own comfort before he finally caught the pair he wanted. Often he had been amazed at how much people don\rquote t change over time. Ten years or more and she was exactly as he remembered her. She came on towards him, past the luggage claim conveyors and the dawdling masses. She moved lightly on her feet (she was such a slight little thing) and she pulled her wheelie-luggage behind her as if the little wheels were the fulcrum with which she leveraged heavy bits of the world from her path. She was dressed in clothes for the flight. Nothing special. Comfy slacks and a light jacket open halfway down her chest. She was smiling at him. Smirking actually, but that was just how she always smiled. It always seemed to betray some kind of skepticism with which she watched the world go by, or at least with which she watched him.\par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 She stepped up to him, let her wheelie-luggage rest back, and leaped up wrapping her legs around him, pressing herself against him, burying her warm face in his neck. That surprised him, but he went with it. He kissed her cheek and squeezed her against him. Cute. She slipped down and stepped back, holding one of his hands with hers as she looked at his eyes.\par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 \ldblquote Notice anything different? \rdblquote \par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 He considered, not wanting to be obvious. Hell, it had been ten years. \ldblquote Like what? \rdblquote \par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 She opened her arms, and leaned her chest forward.\par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 \ldblquote You got a boob job? \rdblquote  A little shock there. But not much.\par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 \ldblquote Not just a boob job, I got a seriously pro boob job. Expensive. Nice huh?  My husband bought them for me.\rdblquote \par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 \ldblquote Ha. I can\rquote t believe you didn\rquote t tell me!  That\rquote s why you were \lquote sick\rquote  last week? \rdblquote \par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 \ldblquote I wanted to surprise you. They are still sore.\rdblquote \par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 \ldblquote I\rquote ll be careful not to poke them. Do you want to go back to my house?  Or get something to eat? \rdblquote \par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 \ldblquote It\rquote s already past midnight, let\rquote s just go home.\rdblquote \par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 They got a car service back to his neighborhood. If it were just him he would have taken the train, but he shelled out for the service because he liked spoiling her. Watching the working class neighborhoods of the outer city pass he realized how quiet it was. He had the thought that he might have run out of things to say to her. Was that possible?  His hand came down to rest on her knee. She didn\rquote t respond.\par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 The tips of his fingers walked up the inside of her thigh. She didn\rquote t respond. He grabbed her side and tickled her and she squeaked.\par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 \ldblquote Don\rquote t do that jerk! \rdblquote \par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 \ldblquote I love you baby, I want to hear you squeak.\rdblquote \par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 He tickled her again with one hand, and then suddenly slipped his other hand quickly up between her thighs, pushing them apart with the tips of his fingers. One hand tickled her mercilessly, she almost couldn\rquote t breathe. Her hands gripped his other arm, trying to keep him from moving his hand any further up between her thighs. The driver looked at them in the mirror.\par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 \ldblquote Don\rquote t touch me!  I\rquote m married.\rdblquote \par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 \ldblquote That\rquote s the only reason I want to touch you.\rdblquote \par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 \ldblquote Don\rquote t be an asshole!  I want this to be a fun weekend. Don\rquote t make me regret coming.\rdblquote \par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 He slid his hand up her belly and squeezed her big tit.\par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 \ldblquote Ow!  Asshole!  Don\rquote t touch my tits!  They still hurt.\rdblquote \par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 He sat back looking at her. She stared at him, and licked her lips. She turned and looked out the window.\par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 At his apartment he showed her his tiny bedroom. He had cleaned the place, but he knew this wasn\rquote t really the accommodations she was used to. Her tastes had gone high-class in the intervening years.\par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 \ldblquote You can stay on our nasty couch, or you can share the bed with me.\rdblquote \par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 \ldblquote Why can\rquote t you be a gracious host and offer to sleep on the couch and let me have the bed to myself? \rdblquote  Her eyebrow went up. \ldblquote I\rquote m kidding. It\rquote s fine, I\rquote ll share the bed with you. Just don\rquote t touch me.\rdblquote \par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 He cupped her ass in his hand, and squeezed hard, almost painfully. He loved her ass. She was small and skinny, but the lovely curve from her thin waist to her round bottom stirred him like a immersion blender. Vague visions of it bare and round and popping up and down in front of him wafted across his conciousness.\par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 \ldblquote Dick!  Stop it! \rdblquote \par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 He pushed her in front of him. She pushed him back. Damn she was a tough little thing, she took her workouts seriously and she could show it when she wanted to. She shut his bedroom door in his face. He gave up and went into the bathroom.\par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 When he returned to his room, he pushed the door open slowly and she stood there in front of him wearing a short satiny slip. It was white, maybe just barely a shade of pink. The hemline came down to just below that curve of her ass he loved so much, and as she swayed he could see matching panties peaking out from underneath. One strap was slipping off her shoulder and he could see small goosebumps rising. To his eye she was exposing that soft core he knew was under her tough exterior. That soft, squishy, horny core that he remembered so well from when they were kids. He read her like an issue of the New Yorker.\par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 He stepped towards her, and she stepped back. She sat on the bed, slipped under the covers. He didn\rquote t take his eyes off her as he pulled his shirt off, slipped his pants to the floor, and turned out the lights. He deliberately pressed his weight onto her as he rolled over her and slipped under the covers from the other side. He waited a few minutes, getting warm and listening to her breathe. Then he slid his hand along under the covers and touched her belly through her slip.\par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 Her breathing was quiet, as if she were asleep. But he knew she wasn\rquote t. The tips of his fingers sliced up her belly and over the curve of her breast. She sighed quietly. Since the moment he saw her standing in her slip, his dick had resembled the Williamburg Savings Bank Tower. Now he adjusted his hard-on in his boxer-briefs and noticed that his stomach muscles were shaking a little bit. Nerves maybe?  That seemed strange. He liked that he genuinely had no idea what might happen, and he made himself believe that he didn\rquote t care.\par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 She turned onto her side, facing him. Her eyes were closed and she breathed slowly. His fingertips slid down her belly and between her knees and rested there for a moment. Now he wanted to know exactly how far he could go before she would react. He forcefully slid his hand up between her thighs, feeling how warm and soft they were. He suddenly had the debilitating urge to feel her thighs wrapped around him. His hand almost uncontrollably went up under her slip, grabbed her pussy and rubbed her clit roughly through her panties.\par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 \ldblquote Don\rquote t touch me jerk!  I\rquote m married, and that isn\rquote t for you! \rdblquote \par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 His hand rested there for only a moment before she grabbed his arm and pulled him away. But it was long enough for him to feel intense heat, and her panties were soaking wet. He grinned in the dark as he put his fingers to his lips and tasted her pussy for the first time in oh so long.\par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 God he loved her pussy. He remembered how she would soak her panties as soon as she had even a passing thought of sex. He remembered touching her in dark movie theaters and being amazed how wet she was from even the most tame R rated scene. He remembered how amazingly tight she was. She was blessed with the perfect combination of a tiny pussy and an ocean of wetness. And it was a beautiful thing to behold, so tiny fragile, pink, and damp. He remembered the first time he had been inside her pussy, the first night they had slept together. She had begged him to fuck her without a condom so she could feel him arrive inside her. He had been on top of her in the early morning hours in her dorm room, his cock throbbing inside against her, forcing his cum up into her as she clutched him with her arms, her legs, and her pussy. He remembered all that, and he had felt her, and tasted her. And he knew that he had to have a piece of that again now.\par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 He rolled on top of her, and grabbed her wrists, pinning them back to the bed. His cock pressed between her legs like an out-of-place parking meter, and rubbed against her pussy through his underwear and her panties. He could feel her wetness seeping through, her hotness against his hard dick. She opened her eyes and looked at him, her mouth closed, lips tightly pressed together. His hips moved, his cock rubbed her. She breathed fiercely through her nostrils.\par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 He leaned to her ear. \ldblquote I\rquote m going to fuck you. I\rquote m going to feel your cunt wrapped around me again, and I\rquote m going to fill you full of my cum again. Just like the first night we were together all those years ago.\rdblquote \par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 \ldblquote I can\rquote t believe you. What would your girlfriend say?  Don\rquote t you care about her? \rdblquote \par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 \ldblquote Right at this moment, I need to fuck you. Everything else is just stupid.\rdblquote \par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 He let one of her wrists go, reaching down to pull his dick from his underwear. She slapped him. Pretty damn hard. It genuinely hurt. He kind of liked that. He looked at her, his dick throbbing in his hand. She slapped him again, still breathing hard through her nostrils. He slid his hand down her belly and ripped her panties apart. He could feel the heat of her cunt as the head of his cock pressed against her. She slapped him once again, even harder. His face stung. He leaned down and kissed her, slipping his tongue gently between her lips.\par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 She kissed him back, her mouth opening, letting his tongue in and letting out some kind of passion that she normally wouldn\rquote t betray to him. Her free hand grabbed his ass and pulled him toward her, his dick throbbing and hard, slowly inched into her hot cunt. He could feel her squeezing against him, her pussy pushing him back out as her hand pulled him in.\par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 He pulled his head back, his lips parted and wet. He breathed hotly on her.\par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 She slapped him again. \ldblquote Jesus! \rdblquote  He grabbed her wrists and pinned them back against the bed again, \ldblquote Stop that!  It fucking hurts! \rdblquote \par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 \ldblquote You stop!  I\rquote m a married woman. You can\rquote t do this to me.\rdblquote \par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 He held her down with his greater strength and weight, but she struggled against him with her amazing deftly-honed woman-strength. He moved his hips, pulling his dick back, and then rammed it forcefully up into her as deep as he could. She groaned loudly. Then gasped. Then sighed. He suddenly realized he was in trouble. He had just gotten inside her and he was on the edge of cumming.\par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 \ldblquote Shit!  You\rquote re going to make me cum like an 18 year old kid again.\rdblquote \par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 \ldblquote You asshole!  You fuck me, and you are only going to last 15 seconds? \rdblquote  She started rolling her hips, desperately trying to rub her clit against him, to make herself cum. Her legs wrapped around him and squeezed, pulling him in. He could feel her warm thighs and calves against him.\par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 But that only made it worse for him, he tried to pull back, but she arched her back, her hips writhing, her cunt squeezing his cock. There was a Thelma-and-Louise cliff edge rushing towards him. He tried to think of anything else to keep himself from coming; baseball, mathematics, international aid. It was no help.\par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 Then she started screaming loudly. Great moans of ancient passions echoing around the room. Fuck. He had forgotten she was so loud. He gave in and started fucking her hard, slamming his cock into her, holding her down and ramming his full bodyweight down on her.\par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 He came. Great bursting EF5 clouds of cum, his cock exploding cum deep inside her. He kept fucking as the cum slid out of her pussy and ran down his balls.\par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 \ldblquote You asshole!  I can\rquote t believe you fucking came already, I was just getting wet! \rdblquote \par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 He sighed, still pinning her down on the bed, looking in her fierce eyes. His cock still swelling against her tight pussy. He could feel the heat of her on his crotch and the warmth of his cum dripping down his balls.\par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 \ldblquote I couldn\rquote t help it. When I got inside you I wanted to fuck you for hours, pound you until your pussy ached. But when you started moaning so loudly I just lost any kind of control. It\rquote s hot that you enjoy it so much.\rdblquote \par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 \ldblquote Fuck you!  I didn\rquote t enjoy it at all. All you did was get me wet and fill me with a stupid amount of cum. That doesn\rquote t do anything for me, you asshole.\rdblquote \par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 He pulled back, his cock sliding slowly out of her, hot cum slipping down her legs and making a sticky pool on his clean sheets. He let his feet slip to the floor and he stood watching her.\par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 As soon as his dick had slid free, she put her hand to her pussy and started rubbing herself desperately. Her two small fingers hard and stiff rubbing her clit, the joint of her hand moving up and down like a tiny organic replacement part from some industrial revolution machinery. Her eyes shut slowly, her knees closed at the same time, and she turned her head away from him. She almost immediately started letting out great gasps of moans. Her back arched and her legs shook slightly as she tried to finish the terrible purpose he had started in her.\par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 His cock hung over her like a terrorist threat, little drops of cum occasionally dripping from the tip onto her belly. He had the desperate urge to grab his shaft and start stroking it in time to her movements. His dick, which for a moment had begun to sag, sprang to life again with its own will as she writhed beneath it. The palm of his hand touched her cheek, and she opened her eyes to look at him. His hand slid behind her head, and his fingers into her hair. He twisted up a great clump of her thick hair in his fist and dragged her head towards his cock.\par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 The tip of his cock, still wet from her pussy and his cum, slipped between her lips, which opened slightly, warm and wet, to take him in. He groaned loudly as his throbbing cock pushed deeper into her mouth. His fingers pressed against the back of her head, his hips thrust, driving the shaft down her throat. He let her head go and leaned backward as she suddenly started to suck his cock hungrily, sliding her lips up and down his shaft slicing time in an equal measure to her rapidly moving hand on her clit. Yummy sounds escaped from the back of her throat\emdash a muffled version of exactly the same histrionic sound someone makes to demonstrate the deliciousness of the warm chocolate-chip cookie they just bit into. He remembered she loved to suck cock, genuinely loved it, and had the skills and the sounds to show it.\par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 Now she was shaking by her own hand. She started to cum, sloppy wet sounds coming from her finger-riddled pussy, her body writhing, and sounds that long-predated words coming with astonishing volume from her filled mouth. She breathed intensely through her nostrils, his dick filling her mouth. But she was pulling her head back, unable to concentrate on his cock while her body spasmed.\par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 \ldblquote Oh no you don\rquote t! \rdblquote  \par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 His big hand wrapped around her neck, his thumb pressed against her jaw. He pushed his hips forward and squeezing her neck he rammed his cock down her throat to the hilt and held her there, her nose pressed against his body, his balls resting on her chin. He could feel the heat of her breath on his crotch, and her tongue sliding back and forth on his throbbing shaft looking desperately for some kind of purchase. She gagged loudly, her nostrils flared trying to get air. Tears welled up at the corner of her eyes. She orgasmed wildly. Her fingers clenched her pussy, her knees squeezed together. Her legs shook with the pleasure of it. She made pitiful little sounds from her constricted throat.\par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 Three waves passed over her, and she relaxed, her hand going limp on her dripping cunt. He let go of her neck and she fell back on the pillow, staring angrily at him.\par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 \ldblquote I can\rquote t believe did that to me.\rdblquote \par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 \ldblquote That\rquote s nothing yet\u8230\'85\rdblquote \par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 He grabbed both her wrists in one hand behind her back. He pulled her up so she was sitting on the edge of the bed. Her chest lifted up and down as she breathed a heavily. He pulled her arms down so she arched her back, her big tits hanging forward under her slip so he could see down the crevice between them. His fingers went into the neckline of her slip and took up a great twist of it. He pulled until the light little stitches gave with little snapping sounds like flint being struck. He grabbed his cock and stroked it quickly, it was rock hard from her hot mouth being on it, and wet and slippery with her saliva.\par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 He had already been on the edge of cumming again in her mouth, and now staring at her beautiful perfectly sculpted tits he did cummeth. He thrust his hips forward, his cock throbbed, and cum poured out onto her breasts. He stroked again, and an arc and a moment was defined as a bright line of cum passed from the tip of his cock to her nipple. It was shocking, really, how much cum there was considering he had just filled her pussy. The years of sharing vague fantasies of dirty sex with her now arrived in a phantasmagoric manifestation of ectoplasmic cum. It reached out for her, a groping bone hand of cum stretching from the tip of his cock and trying to pull her back to its own hell, and when it failed it instead tried to envelop her, slow spreading and dripping down the pale bright curve of her beautiful chest.\par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 He continued to stroke his cock slowly, but now there were just drips splattering on her belly. He watched the cum slide down the curve of her tit, and drop off her nipple.\par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 \ldblquote Do you like it when I cum on you like that? \rdblquote \par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 He released his grip on his cock, and slid his hand under the curve of her breast. He lifted it, feeling the warm weight of it in his hand. They really had done an awesome job. These were perfect tits in every way.\par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 \ldblquote Lick my cum off your tits. Show me how much you love it.\rdblquote \par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 She glared at him for a moment\u8230\'85and then lowered her chin and stuck out her tongue, and lapped his cum from her nipple. She swallowed. And then put her tongue back out and licked some more off where it was slipping down her breast.\par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 He put his hand to her jaw, and leaned over and kissed her deeply. As his tongue slipped between her lips he could taste his cum.\par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 He pulled back, still holding her wrists. Some small wet dot dropped from her lower lip. He went to a squat next to his bed and unlooped his belt from his pants on the floor. He passed the end of it through the loop buckle, and slipped the resulting leather loop around her wrists, pulling it tight enough that her hands were forced to cross. His fingers gripped around her thin arm and pushed her face down onto the bed. She lay there, draped over the side of the bed, her tits pressed against his sheets, and her little feet tiptoeing on the floor.\par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 He admired her cute little ass that he loved for a moment, and then taking the loose end of the belt slapped it across the back of her legs. And then again harder. She let out a little squeak with each smack, and he liked hearing that. One of his hands squeezed her ass, testing it like a melon, while the belt continued to lay down red marks across her legs, and up onto her ass.\par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 Watching her getting spanked was some kind of dark magic that raised his cock from the dead. He felt himself stiffening, and he put his hand to her pussy. Warm wetness there. That girl amazed him.\par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 He stood over her, and pushed his cock slowly back into her. With every inch that penetrated her she screamed louder. He put his hand to the back of her head, and pushed her face into the blankets, muffling her. He started to back his cock out, and then reversed like some kind of terrible parallel-parker. In he went again, inch by inch, her hot wetness still taking it. She clenched down on his dick as if her pussy had a previous life as a blood pressure cuff.\par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 He groaned out loud, and began to fuck her. Seriously fuck her. With everything he had, he pounded his cock into her. He whipped the belt back and forth like trying to spur a horse to a gallop. Long red streaks ran up her thighs and over her back. His cock swelled and fought inside her, pushing and punishing her. Her lovely ass smacked back against him, her little hands clenched and unclenched, and between her gasps for air he could hear her nearly yelling some kind of threatened pleasure into the blankets.\par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 It went on like that for a long time. He lost track, maybe hours went by, but he had no recollection later. At one point her hand slipped free of the belt and immediately went between her belly and the bed, down to her clit where she rubbed herself viciously in time to his pounding strokes. He had to stop and press down on her, his cock still and throbbing in her cunt while he wrestled her wrist back into the belt loop. After that he was careful to hold the belt painfully tight on her wrists.\par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 The truth was, he just couldn\rquote t cum again. His dick was swollen, hard, and aching and he was fucking the way he loved to fuck, from behind, deeply, hard, and aerobic. But he just couldn\rquote t get over the top. Or even close really. He had already seen that cliff-edge come and went over it.\par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 In his head he conjured visions of apocalyptic blood-filled orgies. He looked down at the curve of her big tits pressed against his bed, the curve of her tiny waist that he loved so much, and in his head he raised them to the most degraded and atavistic scenes he could come up with. Oceans of cum with these tits and this ass passed before him, and in his half delirium he put himself fucking all manor of whores, exes, men, demons, animals. All wrapped up in that hot wetness that sucked at his cock right now.\par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 But it was no use. A hard lifeless pole was all he had.\par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 He slowed, and pulled his cock out, wet and sticky. Somehow this woman could stay wet, could enjoy it, could be cumming over and over again, spreading her hot wetness all over his cock and his crotch. He had to admit, she always had been and always would be better than him at this.\par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 His fingertips dragged down her spine to the curve of her ass. He spread her ass cheeks, and when she realized what he intended to do she pushed back against him. He was surprised she had so much strength left. She cursed at him.\par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 \ldblquote Don\rquote t you dare. I don\rquote t even let my husband fuck me up the ass.\rdblquote \par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 He pushed his swollen cock head against her asshole. He pushed slowly, and then thrust it in. She screamed and kicked him in the shins. Ouch. He started thrusting slowly, then hard, his cock burning and tightly plugging her. He growled. There it was. He could thought see it, just off at the edge\u8230\'85 His dick thrust, and he held it up inside her, throbbing. He saw blackness at the edge of his vision, and he pushed his weight down on top of her, driving the breath from her body. He knew he would be kicking himself for years for not being able to cum at that moment, when he was so deep inside that ass he loved so much. But he just couldn\rquote t find that cliff-edge again.\par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 He lay there helpless on top of her.\par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 And that was it. They never fucked again. \par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 They went to the show the following night, and she looked delicious. She flirted lightly with him, but insisted he sleep on the couch that night. She flew home the next day and afterwards the only times he ever saw her was for dinner in the city on the rare occasions work took her to the East Coast.\par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 They stayed in touch and were what, by any normal measure, would be called friends. But it was never the same. Their relationship had lost a big piece of something they had shared. Once in a while he would make the vaguest hint of something raunchy to her in a text message. But she always ignored it. He didn\rquote t hold it against her, but he missed their old relationship with its quiet lust, hedonism, and depravity. And he could never quite convince himself that one night had been worth it.\par
}}
